hi this is Chuck with nerd 3d I want to
show you a great new feature in poser
2014 we now have the ability to copy
morphs directly from a figure into
clothing items so I've got this nice
little sweater that I've made for Roxie
but the problem is that the sweater
doesn't contain the morphs that Roxie
has so when i dial the morphs in they
just kind of poke out of the sweater not
what we really want but it's easy to fix
this now all you have to do select the
clothing item and from the figure menu
you're going to choose copy morphs from
now choose the figure that's the source
of your morphs that's going to be Roxie
in this case and click OK
now all you need to do is pick out the
morphs that you want copied from Roxie
into the clothing item so I'm going to
pick muscular slim pregnant flop shoes
that's good enough and click OK and it
may not look like anything happened and
that's because it happens so fast you
can't even see it really the morphs have
been copied from Roxie into the sweater
so now if i dial Roxie in and go to the
body and choose one of these morphs and
dial them in now Roxie has the morphs in
the sweater now there's a couple of
settings that you may need to check to
make sure that all of this works so I'm
going to show you those right now as
well go to the clothing item the sweater
and in the body of the sweater make sure
on the properties tab you have all four
of these options selected include morphs
include scales and points and origins
that'll make sure the clothing conforms
properly when you have all the morphs
copied into it that's how you use the
new copy mores feature in poser 2014
thanks for watching and have fun using
the new features in poser
you